docs: explain user provided ci provider env vars (#4949)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/continuous-integration/introduction.md

DEBUG=commit-info,cypress:server:record
```

#### CI Build Information

> In some newer CI providers, cypress can't map the environment variables required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some newer CI providers, Cypress can't map the environment variables required
```

to link back to builds or pull requests. In this case we provided users some
environment variables to help pass that information along.

- Pull Request Id: `CYPRESS_PULL_REQUEST_ID`
- Pull Request URL: `CYPRESS_PULL_REQUEST_URL`
- Build URL: `CYPRESS_CI_BUILD_URL`

> Setting these will allow links within the dashboard to take you to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting these will allow links within the Cloud run to take you to the
```
